---
layout: post
title: LIN Mo (林墨)
date: 2017-04-03 00:39
categories: [ 'lin-mo' ]
---

<div class="weibo-info">
  <a href="http://weibo.com/6108312042/ECHLfBErq">2017-04-03 00:39</a>
</div>

Buddy, call me when you see this post … I'll give you a gift when I'm back ^_^

<!-- more -->

<small>* View the image on the original page.</small>

**Words on the image:**

This is the story: I have an intimate buddy. We have known each other since childhood, so do our parents. “Good” is a too weak word to describe the relationship. One day, I come back from my hometown. SUN Yi-hang and others asked me out, so I arrived the day before. It is super boring, so I called the buddy to come, watch TV, play video games, and then talk about the meaning of life … I felt very contented, and it's getting very late at night, almost three o'clock in the morning. I was going to sleep, and he said: You sleep, I'll wake you up. I agreed. And the next day, he woke me up and bought breakfast for me. I was deeply moved … That was just over eight o'clock, and he did wake me up. (I was wondering how he woke up.) After I went out, he told me that he didn't sleep for the whole night, watched several films in the drawing room … and waited until eight o'clock, and bought breakfast for me. Hearing that, I was deeply moved, didn't know how to express it … I think, maybe this is what friendship should be like … Even today, I am still grateful for that matter. :sun_with_face:

This is the story.

Why do I post this so late? Because only at this moment do I have the sentiment to recall it …

**Comments**

<div class="weibo-info">2017-04-03 00:40</div>
[@YiAnMusicClub-LinMo](http://weibo.com/u/6108312042): Please take it seriously. I was writing from the depth of my heart.
